Card: Add support for tone and radius (#910)
seek-oss/braid-design-system: .changeset/smooth-insects-explain.md

---
'braid-design-system': minor
---

---
updated:
  - Card
---

**Card:** Add `radius` support

> A `radius` prop can also now be specified to round the corners of the container. The supported radii are `none` (default) and `standard`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `radius` prop can now be specified to round the corners of the container. The supported radii are `none` (default) and `standard`.
```

> Responsive values are supported, e.g. `['none', 'standard']`. This enables cards edges to be softened on larger screens, but squared all should they run full bleed on smaller devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Responsive values are supported, e.g. `['none', 'standard']`. This enables card corners to be softened on larger screens, but removed when they run full bleed on smaller devices.
```

---
'braid-design-system': minor
---

---
updated:
  - Card
---

**Card:** Add `rounded` and `roundedAbove` support

> Card corners can be rounded by proving the `rounded` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Card corners can be rounded by providing the `rounded` prop.
```

> Alternatively, rounding may be applied responsively using the `roundAbove` prop, and providing either `mobile` or `tablet`. This enables cards edges to be softened on larger screens, but squared off if it runs full bleed on smaller devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, rounding may be applied responsively using the `roundedAbove` prop, and providing either `mobile` or `tablet`. This enables cards edges to be softened on larger screens, but squared off if it runs full bleed on smaller devices.
```

> Alternatively, rounding may be applied responsively using the `roundedAbove` prop, and providing either `mobile` or `tablet`. This enables cards edges to be softened on larger screens, but squared off if it runs full bleed on smaller devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, rounding may be applied responsively using the `roundedAbove` prop, and providing either `mobile` or `tablet`. This enables card edges to be softened on larger screens, but squared off if it runs full bleed on smaller devices.
```
